
For the ALL project we have all agreed on making a "honeypot", this file is where we will list all the
required tasks that need doing in order to complete the project by the deadline.

i am naming this project: Operation Fishing Rod (OFR)

task 1: the bait
the first task is researching what exactly a hacker would want to steal from a company server and then developing a way
to make our script look like that data/program. this program/data  will need to give us enough time succsessfully
exploit are way into the hackers machine and "wreck havoc"

task 2: the hook
we will need this code to use more than one exploit based on what what OS  they are using
and other things like Services and user privilages. the end goal of these exploits is to drop a shell on the 
"victim" PC and then do something "interesting" that proves the concept.

task 3: the dsiguise
one of the other important factors of this program is that it avoids some antivirus protetcion and cant be exploited by 
commands like strings and ltrace, essentially we need to convince the hacker the only way he is getting access to 
are info is by downloading and running this program and that the program is definatley not malicious in anyway

task 4: the setup 
as you all know we are running this on are beaglebones, has of this point i think we will be using one beaglebone
has our vunerable server and another beagle bone has are listener (to pickup the shell when it has been launched on
the victim machine). a little extension to this project could be to the make beagle bone look like a company PC to make
are "bait" network more belevable. i think this task will be allocated to who ever is working on task 2 since it 
reuires that the server is setup before you can start testing vunlerabilities and stuff.

Conclusion: 
i know this seems like alot of work right now but im sure well be able to get it done quickly 
obviously i am only one member of are group so you are allowed to contribute to this brief (please do) and change things
if you feel it would be an improvment. i will also ask that all code is written in functions so that it can be
put together easier. we are going to use python for this task, try to keep your code well annotated since everyone
needs to know what it does. we are also excpected to do a presentation on this so please dont just copy and
paste code without being able to explain it first. 


